[Luna] Children of Selemene,
a thousand years ago,
our goddess cast out the nonbelievers
from the Nightsilver Woods.
In her mercy,
she allowed them to live in peace
in the enclaves by the light of her moon.
Now these elves,
these apostates, rise against her.
They gather now to march
on the Nightsilver Woods.
On you and your children.
To plunge the world into ceaseless shadow.
We are the line the shadow will not cross.
We are the light in the darkness.
[soldiers] Crescent light upon you!
[Luna] Dark Moon Order…
to war!
[soldiers shouting]
[suspenseful music]
[zapping]
[zaps]
[suspenseful music]
[ominous music]
[both gasp]
Elves of Coedwig,
your rebellion ends today.
Lay down your arms.
[strings tighten]
So be it.
[child crying]
There is only one Goddess of the moon.
Me.
[ominous music]
[epic music]
[epic music intensifies]
[suspenseful music]
[Mirana groans]
[grunting]
[growls softly]
[breathes heavily]
Oh.
[Mirana] It's the Sage's valley,
but I don't see his tower.
It has to be here somewhere.
The dragon knew to bring us here.
Davion.
[breathes heavily]
[Davion grunting]
Mirana? Marci? Kaden?
Where the hell am I?
[mysterious music]
[gasps]
You do not belong here, human.
Intrusion.
I don't even know where here is.
It dreams of Slyrak,
and Slyrak dreams of it.
You stand with the Thunder,
on Slyrak's peak.
The Father of Fire is trapped
in the flesh-illusion.
That doesn't help me.
The last thing I remember,
I was chained to a wall and…
Slyrak believes a demon hunts us.
[Davion] A demon?
Our brother Uldorak cried out a name.
You would call him Terrorblade.
The name woke Slyrak from his slumber.
He went to see.
Now, Uldorak is silent. Slyrak is silent.
-Dead.
-Yet not reborn.
We do not die as you do.
Everything that we are
passes into a new body.
There is only you,
and you do not know the song.
[inhales sharply]
Perhaps he is the demon,
wearing mouse skin.
What fun!
[laughs]
Let's split him open.
Let's see.
Davion?
Are you in there?
[screams, groans]
Mirana?
It feels my bite.
[Davion] I… I can feel her.
[groans]
She's worried.
Confused.
Trying to help me.
Him. Oh, no.
Slyrak awakens.
-[crackling]
-[Mirana grunts]
[growls]
[grunts]
[snarls]
[suspenseful music]
[roars]
[fire blazing]
-[Mirana yells]
-[Sagan growls]
[Slyrak snarls]
[crash]
[Slyrak growls]
[whistles]
[grunts]
[suspenseful music]
[Mirana] Sagan…
Jaro!
-[crash]
-[Mirana grunts]
[grunts]
[snarls]
[grunts, thuds]
[Mirana panting]
I'm not… None of this is real.
Slyrak is in the world. With them.
With her.
Angry. Disoriented. Hungry.
Questions.
I need to wake up.
Ugh!
Why can't I wake up?
[hisses]
The little mouse amuses me.
Kill it slowly.
Perhaps it screams.
Mercy. Good can come of this.
We will be patient. We will learn.
What are you called?
Davion. Dragon Knight.
And how did you come to be here,
Davion Dragon Knight?
I don't know.
I don't remember.
Right now, it doesn't matter.
I will remember for you.
-[sniffs]
-Huh?
Oh!
[groans]
Oh, Sagan.
Oh, good boy.
Marci?
Marci, are you okay?
[Slyrak growls]
Come.
Come on. On your feet.
[grunts]
Come back.
[suspenseful music]
[Slyrak growling]
[roars]
[fire blazes]
[Mirana] Balls.
[epic music]
[mysterious music]
[grunts, groans]
Gods. We… We fought together.
Slyrak bound himself
to this tiny creature.
Made them one.
Body. Soul. Mind.
He killed me.
That is why it is here.
The natural order is disrupted.
The cycle broken.
Terrorblade has taken Uldorak.
Slyrak has given us this.
Violation.
He's out there right now.
Crazy. He'll kill her!
It is an abomination!
Slyrak would not have undertaken
such a drastic measure without a purpose.
We must divine it.
The human showed mercy. Kindness.
It is a Dragon Knight.
It is food.
Food…
Perhaps there was no better option.
Or he feared the demon might possess him
as he did Uldorak and steal his soul.
Corrupted.
Eldwyrms only do one thing
when you're awake.
You eat.
Mirana, Marci, they won't be enough.
There are villages scattered
all around those mountains.
You don't want me here,
I don't want him out there.
Send me back, and maybe
we can help each other.
Perhaps.
After our questions have been answered,
and not a moment sooner.
[Slyrak growling]
Let's take a look at that leg.
Hey, this is going to hurt.
[Mirana grunts]
We have to find a healer.
If that wound gets infected,
there's nothing I can do out here.
[Slyrak roaring]
The Shopkeeper said this is where
we'd find the Sage,
but there's not a damn thing down there.
[sighs]
He made a fool of me.
And I got us all killed.
Marci, what are you doing?
[Mirana gasps]
The Shopkeeper said
we'd need this to see the Sage.
It wasn't an offering, it was a riddle.
[sighs]
A test.
I failed.
But you didn't.
-[Slyrak growls]
-[Mirana gasps]
[Mirana] Sagan should be able
to reach the bottom
as long as you don't get roasted
along the way.
You're going to make it.
I'll make certain of it.
-Sagan, yah!
-[growls]
[Slyrak growling]
We all want answers
about Uldorak, Terrorblade.
Wake me up and I'll find them.
I'll finish what Slyrak started.
Why should we trust you? You are a slayer.
-A knight.
-You kill dragons.
-Yes, but…
-You boast about killing dragons.
It's my purpose.
Your purpose is to kill?
To defend the innocent.
Dragons kill people.
-Many things kill your kind, do they not?
-Yes.
Yet you kill us. Why?
[mystical music]
Answer.
Because…
Because I hate you.
I hate every last gods-damned one of you.
[epic music]
[roars]
[crash]
[epic music]
[swoosh]
[Slyrak growls]
[Mirana yells]
[panting]
[breathes heavily]
[Mirana grunts]
[groans, grunts]
A dragon killed my father,
my mother, my brothers and sisters.
My whole fucking village, gone.
Burnt to ash.
[roaring]
I devoted my life to killing
as many of you as I could find.
And I found a lot.
[groaning]
[Slyrak growls]
[whimpers]
[breathing heavily]
Come here, you scaly bastard!
[grunts, groans]
If I die today, my only regret
is I didn't kill more of you.
[Eldwyrm 1] Yet you helped Slyrak.
[Davion] I did. I helped him.
I'd help him again,
even knowing I'd wind up here.
Because no matter
how much I hate him, or you,
what I saw in that cave, felt in my guts,
I know the demon is worse.
Terrorblade is worse.
Now please, let's fix this
before anyone else dies.
[Slyrak growling]
What is your judgment?
Let Slyrak be reborn,
and he can tell us of this demon himself.
He can share his plan.
-Wait. What?
-Destroy the body. Release the soul.
[grunting]
The human must die that Slyrak may return.
Let the Thunder sing as one voice.
[epic music]
[grunting]
Kill the little mouse. Eat it.
[groaning]
Mirana.
-[Davion] She's…
-[grunts]
He's killing her. Fucking do it!
Kill me before Slyrak kills her!
[Mirana panting, grunting]
[Mirana breathing heavily]
Come on.
I can feel you in there, Davion.
I know you have the strength.
I know you can take control.
[roars]
Davion!
Mirana.
You slay monsters, not people.
Death.
No.
[thunder rumbles]
[groans]
[grunting, groaning]
[screaming]
[roaring]
Davion…
[crash]
[exhales sharply]
[tranquil music]
-[grunts faintly]
-Mirana?
[breathing heavily]
Mirana, I'm so sorry. I…
Marci? And Sagan?
No.
-They're… They're in…
-Don't talk.
Just breathe.
I'll find you help. Somewhere.
[Mirana] Look.
[somber music]
[somber music continues]
[sniffling]
[breathes deeply]
[grunts]
We have visitors.
Hmm.
From the Nightsilver Woods.
I've been expecting her.
She's come for the lotuses.
[epic music]
[panting]
[closing theme music]